hello good afternoon the air is on the news gazette
Wednesday 6 of October of 2010 more
a jewelry store inside a mall is
robbed in São Paulo on the 12th only this year
this time went to montblanc at the mall
morumbi in the south of the capital
The assault happened in the early afternoon.
according to the local press office
an armed couple came into the store gave
employees and took items as cargoes
of pen and cufflinks
the couple was arrested and the objects were
recovered a third assailant
managed to get away from the bus from the beginning
this year 11 assaults were on jewelry stores
inside shopping malls in the capital
At least 18 people were arrested only the
city ​​garden shopping one of the most
luxury was targeted by two
times in a month
road police survey
federal government points to 1,820 risk
sexual exploitation of children and
adolescents on federal roads
country most in the north-east 67 6 per
of them are in urban areas
according to the federal highway police
volume of vehicles in circulation and
ease of interaction harms the
work of coping with the mapping
also showed that sexual exploitation
Juvenile child is almost always
associated with other criminal practices
like theft and sale and consumption of drugs
from next year the boxes
medicines will have a seal against
counterfeiting and smuggling
authenticity can be verified by
medium of optical reading equipment
which should be installed in all
pharmacies and drugstores in the country
the measure was announced today by the agency
national health surveillance
in the face of increasing seizure
counterfeit medicines or
smuggled this year alone have been
seized more than 53 thousand medicines
in this situation
the implantation of the seal of authenticity
will gradually begin next year and
will end in 2012
the idea is that each box of medicine
has a unique number that will allow
it is traced by the organs of
inspection
the long holiday approaches who
want to guarantee days of strong sun and
heat is better to travel into the
state will not rain in the capital in the
coast but at most will give the hamas the
cloudiness will be great
time only opens even on Tuesday day
of our lady appeared accompany
what time is it in riviera maya
for the next four days
The day starts with sun and temperature in
tomorrow in the São Paulo capital with
the arrival of a new cold front to
cloudiness increases throughout the afternoon and
rain showers are forecast with
risk of thunderstorm and strong wind at the end
of late and the night the cold front advances
on Friday it goes up at dawn and
partly cloudy during the day
day the temperature drops 5 degrees
on Saturday the cold front leaves são paulo
but throughout the weekend the wind
cold and damp that blows from the sea will leave
the sky of the capital with many clouds and
possibility of drizzling from the
in the afternoon
despite the sun's openings and the
thermometers will not exceed 20 degrees
in two days
the mega sena can pay today the second
The biggest prize in history is
115 million reais the value only loses
for the special mega seena of the
year it paid 145 million and 900 thousand
real
bets can be made up to seven
The draw takes place in the city in the evening.
in Catalan at nine-thirty
night and see the next fight against
breast cancer christ the redeemer embraces
cause